---
layout: post
title:  "New Digs"
date:   2014-01-04 21:30:00
categories: web
published: true
---

I've decided that my [old blog][blyberg-net] is officially dead.  Considering my last post was over three years ago, I may be stating the obvious, but I've held on to the knowledge that, if I wanted to, I could go back and post there.  However, the longer I stayed away from it, the more inappropriate the idea of writing there felt.  Looking at it now, it seems like it was written by someone else.  In many ways, it was.  My life is very different than it was in November of 2009 (when I last posted to that moribund Wordpress contraption). I've been through a divorce and dealt with some family issues that I would not wish on anyone--things that would make any parent weary beyond description. There are some things that happen to you that permanently change you, events that come along and do `rm -rf /` to the filesystem that is the life you've made for yourself. It's traumatic when that happens, but there's this one thing--it means you get to start over.  You can re-install from scratch.  You can even choose another file system. Maybe something more robust with journaling capabilities or ultra-large file size support or continuous integrity checking and automatic repair. Because why the fuck not?

Me? I chose love. I am one of the lucky ones who crossed paths with the love of his life.  This past October, I married [her][cindi].  My wife is truly remarkable.  To me, she is the reason there is color in the world and air in my lungs.  Marrying her was the pivot point between one life and another.  That's not to say that I am forsaking the past, rather, changing directions, reorienting, recalibrating to a place where she and I explore life and grow, in our own individual ways, together and in love.

What does this have to do with putting that old blog in cryo?  On the surface, perhaps nothing. However, I cannot be the person I was.  Rather, I cannot speak with that voice.  I find that if I'm going to write, it should be my inner voice that you hear.  Writing where others can read has always been scary to me.  Writing from the heart is terrifying, but it's also writing as an act of love.  It was writing that brought Cindi and I together and writing is very much a part of how we communicate with each other now.  When it comes down to it, yes, I'm a librarian, but what I *am* is a writer and I need to get my ass in gear and start writing.

So now I'm writing here. This not-yet-collection of pages is for me.  I need a place to put my words and this is it.  Sometimes I will need to share information, and this will serve.  Sometimes I'll simply want to share something that has moved me. I may just want to observe, react.  Some days, I'll be in a mood to poke sticks at [honey badgers][badger].

#### My new digs

I'm ditching Wordpress for [Jekyll][jekyll] and [Github Pages][github-pages].  It's much more in-line with the way I work and there is something very liberating about being able to write in [markdown][redcarpet].  I have nothing against Wordpress, but with all the spam and vulnerabilities and updates and plugins and hosting services and... Well, it just seems like an awful lot of overhead if all you really want is to put your words online. Seriously, I don't think what I write requires a RDBMS.  If you think about it, that's a shit-load of software so that one person can share his thoughts.  It's about as far from pen and paper as you can get.  So give me the command line and a text file and I am a happy man.  


[blyberg-net]: http://www.blyberg.net
[github-pages]: http://pages.github.com/
[redcarpet]: https://github.com/vmg/redcarpet
[jekyll]: http://jekyllrb.com/
[cindi]: http://citegeist.com/
[badger]: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4r7wHMg5Yjg